doc: tcm: remove toolchain manager app (#21034)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/app_dev/device_guides/thingy53/building_thingy53.rst

   For example, the directory path is :file:`ncs/nrf/applications/machine_learning` when building the source code for the :ref:`nrf_machine_learning_app` application.

> #. Make sure that you have the required version of the |NCS| repository by pulling the ``sdk-nrf`` repository on GitHub as described in :ref:`cloning_the_repositories` and :ref:`updating_repos` sections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. To make sure that you have the required version of the |NCS| repository, pull the ``sdk-nrf`` repository on GitHub as described in the :ref:`cloning_the_repositories` and :ref:`updating_repos` sections.
```
